twinkle :- last week did not do anything and not understand JS and Ajax health issues.
shubhangi :- did js basic for soul interview. Mentor class.health issues.
pratibha :- nothing she did . health isssue.﻿
priyanka :- study was not good because of community work. web scraping.
 jaya :- nothing health issue
apeksha: Not that much good. typing and English. she did not talk with a mentor. health issue. want everyone can speak english.﻿

komal b:- study was not well that much health issue. project Michel one related to web scraping.

rashmi :- study is going good. laptop problem. from a one-month task done web scraping. scrap data from beukuff

komal a :-  health issue she doing her task calender she made using using html css. mentor class she attend. js and ajax.

rahul :- study is going well. 

Ankita :- ludo game finish problem with a mentor. 
priya M :-  2 days submitted laptop first task completed web scraping.

 sonam g :-  more exersice completed start debugging 3. 
shivani c :- health was not good she learned js basic es6.arrow function.free code camp. 

anjali sen :- basic js , ES6  free code camp follow.her mentee is doing good.﻿

sapana v :- node.js she read turing project completed.

bulbul:- basic js , ES6  free code camp follow.
sonam k :- node.js she read turing project completed.
alka :- health issue start again to do.
anjali p :-  basic js , ES6  free code camp follow.

pooja:- working on ludo project going good.
Sakshi:-  not that much good 
gyanewari :- loop start dry run. 

pragati r :- file she finished food issue she faced.

sweta:-  2 days submitted laptop. health issue read about oops making game using python.

spana d :- health issue. monu , sweta , mentor help to solve error. study was good. learning new thing

zeba :-  2 days submitted laptop. study was good. basic js , ES6  free code camp follow.

kajal s:- periods  problem otherwise study good.﻿

monu :- study was going good. capcha problem he is facing . mentor gave task. that he completed.﻿

vandana :- while loop she did . mentor gave the task that not completed github she will read.

neelam:- 2 days submitted laptop. js she is doing.

Ravina:- going well.
Swati:- CURD she is doing and database she will do.
rinky:- she have done modules , operator she will start a loop.

neha :- not satisfied with study. facing a problem.

Krishna:- The study is going good.
venu:- last week study is not  good because of health issue she attend a class Diwaker  bhiya in that she learned ajex 
shivani j :- basic js ,  she starts ES6  free code camp follow.



